{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh12220\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 > show dbs\
\
1. > use my_first_db\
\
2. > db.createCollection('students')\
\
3,4. > db.students.insert(\{name:'Rachel Green', home_state:'NY', lucky_number:78, birthday:\{month:09, day:16, year: 1986\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'Chandler Bing', home_state:'CA', lucky_number:14, birthday:\{month:05, day:05, year: 1983\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'Ross Geller', home_state:'MA', lucky_number:27, birthday:\{month:12, day:25, year: 1987\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'Monica Geller', home_state:'MA', lucky_number:89, birthday:\{month:11, day:12, year: 1985\}\})\
\
	> db.students.insert(\{name:'Pheobe Buffay', home_state:'TX', lucky_number:01, birthday:\{month:07, day:19, year: 1988\}\})\
\
5. > db.students.find().pretty()\
\
6. > db.students.find(\{home_state:'CA'\})\
\
7. > db.students.find(\{lucky_number:\{$gt:3\}\})\
\
	> db.students.find(\{lucky_number:\{$lte:10\}\})\
\
	> db.students.find(\{lucky_number:\{$gte:1, $lte:9\}\})\
\
8. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$push: \{interests: ['brunch', 'MongoDB']\}\})\
\
9. > db.students.update(\{_id: ObjectId('5b44d5f79fe6550fcc7b97d6')\}, \{$push: \{interests: ['sports']\}\})\
\
10. > db.students.update(\{name:'Rachel Green')\}, \{$push: \{interests: 'taxes'\}\})\
\
11. > db.students.update(\{name:'Rachel Green'\}, \{$pop: \{interests: -1\}\})\
\
12. > db.students.remove(\{home_state:'CA'\})\
\
13. > db.students.remove(\{name:'Pheobe Buffay'\})\
\
14. > db.students.deleteOne(\{lucky_number:\{$gt: 5\}\})\
\
15. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$set: \{number_of_belts: 0\}\})\
\
16. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$inc: \{number_of_belts: 1\}\})\
\
17. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$rename: \{number_of_belts: 'belts_earned'\}\})\
\
18. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$unset: \{belts_earned: ''\}\})\
\
19. > db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$currentDate: \{updated_on:true\}\})\
\
}